I'll pick it up for a while.
Thank you. My mother is back.
What went wrong? Mom will make another mistake again.
Mom, thank you.
What is our situation today?
I haven't figured it out yet.
The results of the simple inspection will be available soon. When will the results of the simple inspection be available?
It will take another day or two.
Auntie's body is very weak.
Residents must be observed for a week.
Then my mother has been with you.
Thank you. You were not polite to me.
Grandpa, how are you lately?
Do I blame my latest job?
If it doesn’t taste good, you just take medicine. Thank you.
It's no big deal
How have you been lately?
I'm fine just
Then these fresh stores will say
I might not be able to go home if I'm tired of it
What kind of family hate
Is it no problem?
My parents are all in the book. Thank you. Thank you. It’s nothing.
I'm relieved
My mom is just feeling a little unwell. Thank you.
If you have anything to pay for, it’s okay if you’re busy.
My mom’s New Year’s organization
It was all done with your help
Your answer bro
I've given up kissing that kid all my life
Now you and Mu Shan are getting along well
This is the biggest report of the year
I'll take him